nice to see you but I was almost
expecting um I'm all dressed in India
you look beautiful you look pretty as
always so but why why not the linnean
way well I didn't really have anything
in my closet that I thought was nice
enough so being that diwali is here i
decided to come here to global desi and
find something to wear so you're gonna
help you absolutely we have a shopping
I'm excited there you are i have Nargis
with me now and you're going to go
inside help or find that perfect indian
attire for the valley are you excited
I'm ready let's do it let's go
I like it
after all the shopping enough after all
that choosing nargis has come down to
that final contender the final one and
let's see which one is that the cap and
a hilarious now guess can we see you oh
you look be I love this Israel only
thing that mrs. is your earring so now
we go in for that perfect accessory
after you its nest so to nikki bothame
whom the Kiva that bohot decide Konecki
but i think we've got that final pretty
outfit tantaran we present to you the
change traditional nagas a far cry from
the green though pretty still not I
guess are you different still beautiful
inside the valley um what is one thing
that you you know would like to tell
everybody on the valley what not to do
and what you should do oh gosh I think
everyone should have an amazing time
during diwali but they should also have
a safe time and i know that a lot of you
love to play with those crackers but i
think they should be very cautious and
if you have kids around be extra
cautious cuz you just never know what
what could happen so you want it to be a
happy and a safe delonix so now will
this the good girls go and light Diaz
with me yes let's do it let's go and
like some crackers little bit crappy
little bit okay okay it will be extra
careful will be extra careful let's go
the beautiful experience the beautiful
nargis fakhri the beautiful store here
in DC beautiful clothes and this
beautiful track experience before we
before we let you go what is it that you
want this Diwali I guess I i guess i
could say i hope that everyone has a
happy diwali okay they're in good
spirits and that they're safe and that
they're healthy so now that we're done
with the early thank you so much Nargis
this has been an wonderful experience
like I said yes all of us have enjoyed
it rude Ronnie chhatra jewett cameramen
Harish and hurry zoom happy Diwali once
again